Nice concept, nice layout, nice graphics (although did prefer previous cover), nice mag overall.

Dave_G_2

Looks great, congrats, I can"t wait for the next one.

kirbyman62

Hey,

I love the design of the mag – very pro.

pifan

Just had a scan through the MagPi.  It looks really good; seems like a great deal of thought and effort has gone into it

budgieboy

Excellent! I enjoyed reading it.  Now just waiting to hear from RS in South Africa when I can move from the waiting list to "ordered"

Kaspaas

Really like what you did for a first issue!

Rek

Very attractive.  I've just skimmed it so far, but my overall impression is that it is very professionally done.  kudos.

boley

just read the mag and its fascinating. VERY well done

secretreeve

Absolutely excellent – much better than I expected. In particular the Python Pit is just what beginners need.

bredman

Well done. You've done a good job.

trikidiki

Hi there, congrats with your first issue – well done!

teh_orph

What a terrible site. Sorry.  When I finally manage to get the PDF and read it in xpdf, it's OK, but rather primitive.

GordonH

I quickly read thought it and was pleasantly surprised.
Its well laid out, hits the target markets (nice child friendly areas for coding) and has some nice content.

JoeDaStudd

It"s a great start; one hell of a lot better than I could have done.

rurwin

Thanks for a great first issue. Personally I liked the PDF version and I printed out and stapled together a few copies and left them around the staffroom of the school I work at. They got a lot of interest. Keep up the great work!

rubikwizard

You have done something amazing here. I'm 15 and I must say I buy magazines for a fiver with less engrossing content than this. I found every article interesting, and after showing my friends they too had a great read.

FullXion

Thanks very much for providing this mag, I'm very much looking forward to further issues and to see how it develops.

Forrrge

kudos on the first issue. very well put together for a first issue, and i'm sure if the momentum keeps going there will be some interesting stuff in there as you cover peoples projects and suchlike.

ArborealSeer

While I didn't learn anything groundbreaking (I'm a software developer) I did learn a few new things about Linux and think the coding tutorials are pitched at the perfect level for a beginner!  Well done guys!

Tavalin